just before trial in an effort to locate
and interview additional witnesses
detectives asked Cory Jackson a 15 year
old friend of Carrie wise to come into
the precinct to be interviewed Jackson
came into the 25th precinct with his 27
year old sister melody during this
interview melody Jackson made an
unsolicited statement concerning a
conversation she had with Carrie some
time after the pre-trial hearing she
explained that she was at her sister's
house when the phone rang she answered
the phone and it was why is calling from
Rikers Island she said hello and then
said to him that she couldn't believe
that they did that
why is repeatedly stated that he didn't
rape anyone finally saying that he quote
only held her legs down
while Kevin had sex with her Jackson's
seemingly thought her information would
be helpful to wise she was subpoenaed by
the District Attorney's Office to
testify at trial and repeated what she
had said melody Jackson's interview in
2002 reconfirmed her testimony I just
comment we currently have many
allegations of rape gathered under the
hashtag me to movement very few of the
allegations of rape have even as much
evidence as we've just presented here
with this one phone call that would be
enough evidence to convict someone not
just in the court of public opinion but
in a court of law
out of the approximately 40 teenagers
who entered Central Park that night 37
were interviewed ten more arrested and
ultimately convicted of charges
resulting from their activities five of
these ten the defendants were charged
with the assault and rape of the female
jogger the assault of John Lachlan the
assault on david lewis and a riot charge
all but Carrie wise were convicted of
assault riot robbery and rape Carrie
Wise was convicted of assault riot and
sexual abuse perhaps the most
politically significant criminal trial
in the year 2019 concerns a crime that
was committed decades ago
in 1989 the case of the central part 5
is being reopened and re-examined not in
any court of law but by the public here
on the internet the members of the
mainstream press offer commentary but
that commentary seems to be very rarely
informed by the one source that this
entire video is based on the one and
only source you need to consult if you
want to know the true history of what
happened not only when the crimes
committed but in the investigation that
followed after and the very strange
legal battles that ensued after that
this one source the Armstrong report at
the end of this video I hope you will
either be inspired to go and read it for
yourself
or at least you will be inspired to
demand of the people and provide you
with information whether on the radio on
the internet or a newsprint
why is it that they never paid due
attention to the facts established by
the Armstrong report in the first major
event the assault and Antonio Diaz a
total of 23 people were named as
participants or as being present all
five defendants were implicated by
accomplices and to admitted
participation the second major event was
harassment of a couple on a tandem bike
a total of 13 people were named
participants or as being present four of
the defendants were implicated by a
comesss and admitted participation I
have to comment at this point if you
want to imagine that the police
carefully constructed the narrative of
what happened and fed this information
to the defendants that they coerced the
defendants to give the information that
would make this story work the timeline
of the police interviewing so many
different people approximately 30
different people and getting 30
different story
from different perspectives about what
happened about a series of disorganized
crimes all transpiring in the same night
that's a conspiracy theory that is very
very difficult to make match with this
mess of facts and this is a situation
where was a group of undisciplined
teenagers pretty much each of whom was
snitching on the others while trying to
minimize their own guilt or
responsibility some being more honest
than others and over the course of years
the authorities had to figure out who
was being more honest it was being less
so partly through the comparison of
those stories but this is not a
situation where the police could easily
contrive one story to then feed to a
group of 30 different people the third
major event was crossing the 96th Street
transverse road to the reservoir a total
of 17 people were identified as having
gone south toward the reservoir all five
defendants were implicated by
accomplices and admitted going the
fourth major event was the assault on
jogger David Lewis a total of eleven
people were identified as participants
or as being present four of the
defendants were implicated by
accomplices and wanted admitted
participation the fifth major event was
the assault on Java John Oakland who is
very badly beaten a total of 19 people
were identified as participants or as
being present all five defendants were
implicated by accomplices and three
admitted participation whatever
conclusions may be reached regarding
Matias Reyes as claims that he raped the
female jogger alone emphasis on the word
alone there seems to be no reason to
believe that the defendants were
innocent of the other crimes for which
they were convicted crimes committed on
the same day again if you and the
audience want to believe that some of
the confessions were false to some
extent even that has to be
see in this context of having so many
serious charges rolled up in a ball in
terms of human psychology and commonly
in legal practice when people to confess
to crimes that didn't commit
one context that happens in is when
they've committed many other crimes that
are already facing many years in prison
and those charges are all rolled up in a
ball so to speak however I think if
anyone reads the full report I think
it's very very difficult to convince
yourself that there's any possibility
that any of the Central Park five are
innocent in any meaningful sense of the
term innocent before we get into the
details there are two important
clarifications to sit down number one
wrongly convicted does not mean innocent
especially not when police misconduct is
involved the more the police are guilty
of misconduct the more irrelevant it is
to the guilt or innocence of the people
on trial that the case is thrown out of
court or that the conclusions of the
trial were later invalidated so if you
believe the police did something wrong
in for example interrogating the
witnesses interrogating the suspects
that in itself actually does not
exonerate the suspects in any way it's
very easy for people to lose sight of
that fact if the interrogations were
carried out improperly that still
doesn't mean the people being accused
we're innocent number two one
politically motivated myth may be
replaced by another equally misleading
politically motivated mythology even if
you believe that someone like Donald
Trump is untrustworthy that does not
make Whoopi Goldberg trustworthy the
story that Whoopi Goldberg is telling
which is simply DNA evidence doesn't lie
therefore these five men are
innocent therefore Donald Trump is wrong
and evil and bad and terrible do you
think that Whoopi Goldberg has done the
little bit of reading the forty pages of
reading that I did in preparing this
video do you think that Whoopi Goldberg
has read the Armstrong report I don't I
also don't believe that Donald Trump has
read the Armstrong report Donald Trump
may be wrong about many many things if
Donald Trump is right about this I guess
it's just his dumb luck or he asked the
opinion of some lawyer in New York City
who knows more than he does it's
terrifying to me that the small number
of people I trust in the mainstream
media people whose opinions I care about
like DJ Vlad here have completely jumped
on the bandwagon of trying to present
the Central Park five as heroes without
doing the little bit of fact-checking
that I've done in preparing this YouTube
video to present to you now some of the
defendants have repeated their
admissions of guilt
Santana testified at a parole hearing in
1994 he admitted that he and his friends
planned to go to the park that night to
rob and assault people he stated that
about seven or eight friends devised the
plan they were prepared to attack
whoever they encountered that night in
the park
Santana reiterated that they had let one
a couple go because the man was with his
girlfriend Santana also admitted to
beating a man he deny only the rape when
McCray went before the parole board in
November 1994 he admitted all of his
crimes except for the rape of the female
jogger two of the defendants Raymond
Santana and Kevin Richardson during
interviews conducted by detectives in
2002 admitted their participation of the
assaults that did not involve the jogger
when you say when you imply they must
have done something anyway you're saying
I don't care that they didn't do it
so if you don't care they didn't do it
why why if it was his kids if it was
Ivanka and Don Jr do you think he would
say I don't care that they didn't do it
I don't get a vote
there's two sides to this there's two
sides no of course I'm he views certain
people as above the law and it doesn't
matter what they do and they can get
away with anything other people they're
under the law it doesn't matter if they
did it or didn't do it we're gonna
punish them based on my stereotypes of
that there is a two-tiered justice
system we do have a problem with
targeting innocent people of color and
putting them behind bars when they have
not committed a crime and what what that
does is not only ruin their lives but it
also allows the real culprit to go out
there and commit more crimes more rape
more murder and that is certainly what
happened in this case this is absolutely
what happened in this case when we
talked about it earlier this week that
is exactly what happened in this case
there is a look there's a young woman
and two young men who don't have their
mother anymore because the real Central
Park attacker went on to kill their
mother because he was a serial rapist
whose DNA was at the crime scene and in
not continuing to look for who actually
did it and you know from all accounts
except for fair stains the all of the
evidence led to one attacker not five
Matias Reyes is the man who many years
after the crime was committed confessed
to his involvement and a DNA evidence
confirmed that he was one of the people
who raped this woman the jogger in the
park
however the DNA evidence does not
confirm that nobody else raped her the
DNA evidence does not indicate that
nobody else was guilty of the crimes
that they in fact confessed to and that
again a complex network of about 30
witnesses all identified and implicated
different people involved at different
stages of this sequence of crimes
sequence of assaults involving one rape
all transpiring on the same night all
with multiple witnesses all with
multiple participants I just note
because it's not the focus of this video
the testimony of Matias Reyes which is
all covered in the same report it's
deeply incoherent in some places it's
just incorrect in other places it's
either implausible or actually
impossible Matias Reyes --is testimony
is so unreliable it's so bad that if we
didn't have the DNA evidence proving
that he was one of the rapists he
wouldn't hold up in court even his
confession wouldn't hold up in court so
there's a great deal that self-evidently
wrong with the testimony provided by
Matias Reyes and several experts testify
that he is insane a psychopath he's also
a murderer and rapist
there were many many reasons to regard
what he says as highly dubious but the
DNA proves that he was ultimately one of
the men at the scene of the crime in the
afternoon of April 20th 1989 prior to
being arrested Carey wise made
admissions to two acquaintances Laurel
Williams and Shabazz head they
approached Weis at one hundred and tenth
Street and Fifth Avenue and Weis told
them to get away from him because the
police were after Williams and had
walked away a short time later they
encountered him again and asked why the
police were after him
Weis replied you heard about that woman
that was beat up and raped in the park
last night that was us
when Kevin Richardson was interrogated
by Detective Gonzalez he was asked to
explain the scratches on his face at
first Richardson said it was an injury
received when he fell following more
questioning which stated that he got the
scratches from the arresting officer
when told of the possibility that the
officer would be asked to corroborate
the story
Richardson admitted that he received the
scratches from the female jogger while
trying to stop the others from attacking
her in a later statement to a detective
Kevin Richardson explained that he lied
about he received
scratch on his face Richardson said he
received it when he tried to take the
female jogger off of the road the
evidence presented in court also
included among other things a blood
stain on Raymond Santana sneaker
individual blood stains on Yousaf salams
jacket and Steven Lopez's underwear and
semen stains on the unaware of
Antron McCray and Kevin Richardson and
the sweatshirt of Raymond Santana the
ryan affirmation makes no reference to
the blood or semen evidence this
evidence was by no means dispositive at
trial the word dispositive here means he
doesn't make it an open-and-shut case it
doesn't prove the case at trial this
evidence was by no means dispositive at
trial but the fact that it exists is
important for instance it contradicts
various reports that no blood was found
on any of the defendants in some the new
test results established that Matias
Reyes is the previously unknown source
of the semen found on the female jogger
and her clothing they do not prove that
the other defendants known as the
Central Park five could not have
participated in the attack coming to the
conclusion we adopt the view that the
most likely scenario for the events of
April 19th 1989 was that the defendants
came upon the jogger and subjected her
to the same kind of attack albeit with
sexual overtones that they inflicted
upon other victims in the park that
night
perhaps attracted at the scene with the
joggers scream Reyes either joined in
the attack as it was ending or waited
until the defendants had moved on to
their next victims before descending
upon her himself raping her and
inflicting upon her the brutal injuries
that almost caused her death
concerning the crimes other than the
rape of the female jogger two of the
defendants reaffirmed their guilt for
these crimes at parole hearings and one
of these together with a third did so in
2002 after Reyes came forward to make
his confession
moreover four other individuals who had
pleaded guilty to the assaults
implicated the defendants in these
crimes in their interrogations
recorded statements so I asked you first
and foremost the Armstrong report who do
you think read it not Donald Trump not
Ava Duvernay not Whoopi Goldberg and
then if I ask who wrote it well this is
lawyer Michael F Armstrong and this is
former New York police officer
Jules Martin am i for my part a little
bit biased against Ava Duvernay yes I am
but not just because she happens to be
wrong about many of the facts and
ethical claims that she's made in her
latest hit movie concerning the Central
Park five I'm actually biased against
her just because she lacks precisely the
sort of background that people like
Michael Armstrong and Jules Martin have
in putting together their meticulously
researched report ultimately I am biased
against Ava Duvernay precisely because
she is a BB a major in English
literature in African American Studies
from UCLA I genuinely do not think she
has the education or experience to deal
with the type of complex dense and
conflicting information that you need to
analyze and put together in a
responsible way to understand what
happened on the night in 1989 when in
Central Park
numerous people were assaulted beaten
and one woman was brutally raped finally
the Armstrong award why did people
ignore it I think that the value of the
ward is so obvious it's the evidence
presented by it is so overwhelming it's
so conclusive that it's being ignored
today simply because it had the
misfortune to be published way back in
January of 2003 it simply came out at a
time when the public was not paying
attention
and today when they are paying attention
the message offered by the report is one
that everyone seems to want to sweep
under the rug
if you wanted out the full story again
this video has just one source you can
google around you can read it for
yourself